Removed `n_adapts` from sampler constructors and some fixes. (#333)
TuringLang/AdvancedHMC.jl: README.md

- Combine the first two using Stan's windowed adaptation: `StanHMCAdaptor(mma, ssa)`

### Gradients 

> `AdvancedHMC` supports AD-based (`Zygote`, `Tracker`, and `ForwardDiff`) and user-specified gradients. In order to use user-specified gradients, please replace `ForwardDiff` with `ℓπ_grad` in the `Hamiltonian`  constructor, where the gradient function `ℓπ_grad` should return a tuple containing both the log-posterior and its gradient. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`AdvancedHMC` supports AD-based using [`LogDensityProblemsAD`](https://github.com/tpapp/LogDensityProblemsAD.jl) and user-specified gradients. In order to use user-specified gradients, please replace `ForwardDiff` with `ℓπ_grad` in the `Hamiltonian`  constructor, where the gradient function `ℓπ_grad` should return a tuple containing both the log-posterior and its gradient. 
```
